# Actions
## Overdue
- [x] Query Adi Bambang on a personal lab OR use makers [ROBERT]
- [ ] Organise spuds for group bonding stuff - ask cass for more info
    - Robert is not convinced - ask cass for justification [HENRY]
- [ ] Order the Phone (ASAP) - Ask luvha for phone model [HENRY]
- [x] Sent out engagement form [HENRY]
- [ ] Check if phone has headphone jack? And order parts [HENRY]
## New Items
- [x] [URGENT] Send out a poll for a whole team meeting time for 15th Nov
    - Set expectations for the two weeks of November (dev period) [ROBERT]
- [ ] Ask national if they want documentation (for 12th meeting)
- [ ] [URGENT] Organise a meeting with Shenuka to discuss assisting the team get volunteering hours [ROBERT]
- [] Check with Evelyn about access to the Box [ROBERT]

# Monitoring
- [ ] As Matthew Imhoff about the webserver stuff (asking andy updates) [HENRY]

# Upcoming Meetings
- [x] (26/10) Tech Meeting
- [ ] (11/11) CoCo meeting (after exams to plan out the rest of the project and present timeline to national + Adi and Laura's present)
- [ ] (12/11) National Meeting

# Meeting Agenda Suggestions

# Human Resource Availability
- Adi Bambang: Reduced in summer due to MSU ball organisation

# General Notes
- Lists of Tasks for Project (NOVEMBER) - 7 Days to Execute

    - Hardware
        - [ ] Finish Testing the Box
        - [ ] Build the new box based on test results
        - [ ] Purchase materials for building
        - [ ] Build a manual/handover document
            - What does it do
            - Design Considerations
            - Test Data
            - Assembly Instructions
    
    - Software
        - [ ] Store Data on Phone
        - [ ] Upload to Database
        - [ ] Camera Work
        - [ ] Put app on Google Play Store
        - [ ] Wire up the components
        - [ ] Documentation
            - What does it do 
            - User Manual
    
- Meeting right after exams
- Set out expectations of tasks that need to get done
- Need a lock on the box