# Agenda Today
- [ ] What to ask Andy Tomorrow?
- [ ] Recap + plan presentation for tomorrow.
- [x] Email from Mitra
- [ ] [MAJOR] Delegate taks for project completion
- [ ] Check up with engagement form
- [ ] Agenda for group meeting
	- [ ] project plan
	- [ ] retreat
	- [ ] gift for Adi + Laura
	- [ ] discord crash course

# Actions
## Overdue
- [x] [URGENT] Organise spuds for group bonding stuff - ask cass for more info
    - Robert is not convinced - ask cass for justification [HENRY]
- [x] Order the Phone - Ask luvha for phone model [HENRY]
	- will buy from mirribooka BigW when possible ()
- [ ] Check if phone has headphone jack? And order parts [HENRY]
- [x] Organise a meeting with Shenuka to discuss assisting the team get volunteering hours [ROBERT] 
- [ ] Check with Evelyn about access to the Box [ROBERT]
## New Items




# Upcoming Meetings
- [ ] (12/11) National Meeting - 2pm to 3pm Zoom : https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87384825114?pwd=ZzEzNyt5R0JpNm9jRmppOTl1bVEzdz09 Passcode: 191629 --> introduction + presentation of progress and plan + questions
- [ ] (14/11) Group Meeting - 12pm to 1pm Ezone N L2 Conference Room --> set team up to finish project + present + retreat

# National Meeting Objectives
- [x] Ask Matthew Imhoff about the webserver stuff (asking andy updates) [HENRY]
	- Result: NO RESPONSE BRING UP IN MEETING
	- [x] Ask about how the data should be organised
		- Andrew confirmed we can store packets as individual documents i.e. we just dump 10s intervals
- [ ] Ask national what type of handover documentation they want
- [ ] Ask Andy how to send the final solution

# General Notes
- [ ] Send data in packets at certain intervals and check if the datapoint has moved OR if the vehicle is sitting in a specific point doing nothing - perhaps check the GPS location and see if its moved a certain radius
- [ ] Gift Ideas for Adi and Laura